CSH-9386: Add anchor property documentation (#116)
WoodWing/csde-components-boilerplate: docs/PROPERTIES.md

    }
```

## Experimental specialized UI Controls

DISCLAIMER: The UI controls in this section are marked experimental. The behavior of these controls might change in upcoming component set updates or Studio versions.

### `anchor`

> Enables anchoring to the given component. The text anchor toolbar option will be enabled in the Digital Editor when there is at least one component in the component set that uses the `anchor` property. Users can create an anchor by selecting text in a text based component, select the anchor tool in the toolbar and then select the destination component to anchor to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables anchoring to the given component. The anchor option will be enabled in the Digital Editor text-toolbar when there is at least one component in the component set that uses the `anchor` property. Users can create an anchor by selecting text in a component with editable text, selecting the anchor tool in the toolbar and then selecting the destination component to anchor to.
```
